docs(visually-hidden): add usage tips (#7648)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(utilities)/visually-hidden.mdx

It is used to visually hide elements, but it is accessible in screen readers. By default, it renders a `span` element.

:::tip

> Use `VisuallyHidden` when text should not be visually displayed but should still be read by screen readers. If you only need to provide an accessible name, avoid adding an extra hidden element; set `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` on the target element instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only need to provide an accessible name or description, consider setting `aria-label`, `aria-labelledby`, or `aria-describedby` on the target element. Use `VisuallyHidden` as a last resort when the element needs to be visually hidden and other methods cannot be used.
```

:::

> :::tip

Reviewer: Delete L47-L49.

It is used to visually hide elements, but it is accessible in screen readers. By default, it renders a `span` element.

> 

Reviewer: Thanks for adding this guidance.

I think we can make the recommendation a bit stricter so users do not treat `VisuallyHidden` as the default way to provide accessible text. The main point should be that if only an accessible name is needed, users should avoid adding an extra hidden element and set `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` on the target element instead.

Could we simplify the tips to something like this?

```md
:::tip
Use `VisuallyHidden` when text should not be visually displayed but should still be read by screen readers. If you only need to provide an accessible name, avoid adding an extra hidden element; set `aria-label` or `aria-labelledby` on the target element instead.
:::

:::tip
Do not use `VisuallyHidden` for content that should be hidden from all users. The content of `VisuallyHidden` will still be read by screen readers. For form guidance or additional contextual help, consider visually available components such as [Field](/docs/components/field), [Tooltip](/docs/components/tooltip), or [Popover](/docs/components/popover).
:::
```
